 art, and unto dust shalt thou return.

And Adam called his wife's name Eve; because she was the mother of all
living.

Unto Adam also and to his wife did the LORD God make coats of skins, and
clothed them.  And the LORD God said, Behold, the man is become as one of
us, to know good and evil: and now, lest he put forth his hand, and take
also of the tree of life, and eat, and live for ever: Therefore the LORD
God sent him forth from the garden of Eden, to till the ground from whence
he was taken.  So he drove out the man; and he placed at the east of the
garden of Eden Cherubims, and a flaming sword which turned every way, to
keep the way of the tree of life.

And Adam knew Eve his wife; and she conceived, and bare Cain, and said, I
have gotten a man from the LORD.  And she again bare his brother Abel.  And
Abel was a keeper of sheep, but Cain was a tiller of the ground.

And in process of time it came to pass, that Cain brought of the fruit of
the ground an offering unto the LORD.  And Abel, he also brought of the
firstlings of his flock and of the fat thereof.  And the LORD had respect
unto Abel and to his offering: But unto Cain and to his offering he had not
respect. And Cain was very wroth, and his countenance fell.  And the LORD
said unto Cain, Why art thou wroth? and why is thy countenance fallen?
If thou doest well, shalt thou not be accepted? and if thou doest not well,
sin lieth at the door. And unto thee shall be his desire, and thou shalt
rule over him.

And Cain talked with Abel his brother: and it came to pass, when they were
in the field, that Cain rose up against Abel his brother, and slew him.

And the LORD said unto Cain, Where is Abel thy brother?  And he said, I
know not: Am I my brother's keeper?  And he said, What hast thou done? the
voice of thy brother's blood crieth unto me from the ground.  And now art
thou cursed from the earth, which hath opened her mouth to receive thy
brother's blood from thy hand; When thou tillest the ground, it shall not
henceforth yield unto thee her strength; a fugitive and a vagabond shalt
thou be in the earth.

And Cain said unto the LORD, My punishment is greater than I can bear.
Behold, thou hast driven me out this day from the face of the earth; and
from thy face shall I be hid; and I shall be a fugitive and a vagabond in
the earth; and it shall come to pass, that every one that findeth me shall
slay me.

And the LORD said unto him, Therefore whosoever slayeth Cain, vengeance
shall be taken on him sevenfold.  And the LORD set a mark upon Cain, lest
any finding him should kill him.  And Cain went out from the presence of
the LORD, and dwelt in the land of Nod, on the east of Eden.

And Cain knew his wife; and she conceived, and bare Enoch: and he builded
a city, and called the name of the city, after the name of his son, Enoch.
And unto Enoch was born Irad: and Irad begat Mehujael: and Mehujael begat
Methusael: and Methusael begat Lamech.  And Lamech took unto him two wives:
the name of the one was Adah, and the name of the other Zillah.

And Adah bare Jabal: he was the father of such as dwell in tents, and
of such as have cattle.  And his brother's name was Jubal: he was the
father of all such as handle the harp and organ.  And Zillah, she also bare
Tubalcain, an instructer of every artificer in brass and iron: and t