fe hid themselves from the presence of the
LORD God amongst the trees of the garden.  And the LORD God called unto
Adam, and said unto him, Where art thou?  And he said, I heard thy voice in
the garden, and I was afraid, because I was naked; and I hid myself.  And
he said, Who told thee that thou wast naked? Hast thou eaten of the tree,
whereof I commanded thee that thou shouldest not eat?  And the man said,
The woman whom thou gavest to be with me, she gave me of the tree, and I
did eat.  And the LORD God said unto the woman, What is this that thou hast
done?  And the woman said, The serpent beguiled me, and I did eat.

And the LORD God said unto the serpent, Because thou hast done this, thou
art cursed above all cattle, and above every beast of the field; upon thy
belly shalt thou go, and dust shalt thou eat all the days of thy life: And
I will put enmity between thee and the woman, and between thy seed and her
seed; it shall bruise thy head, and thou shalt bruise his heel.

Unto the woman he said, I will greatly multiply thy sorrow and thy
conception; in sorrow thou shalt bring forth children; and thy desire shall
be to thy husband, and he shall rule over thee.  And unto Adam he said,
Because thou hast hearkened unto the voice of thy wife, and hast eaten of
the tree, of which I commanded thee, saying, Thou shalt not eat of it:
cursed is the ground for thy sake; in sorrow shalt thou eat of it all the
days of thy life; Thorns also and thistles shall it bring forth to thee;
and thou shalt eat the herb of the field; In the sweat of thy face shalt
thou eat bread, till thou return unto the ground; for out of it wast thou
taken: for dust thou art, and unto dust shalt thou return.

And Adam called his wife's name Eve; because she was the mother of all
living.

Unto Adam also and to his wife did the LORD God make coats of skins, and
clothed them.  And the LORD God said, Behold, the man is become as one of
us, to know good and evil: and now, lest he put forth his hand, and take
also of the tree of life, and eat, and live for ever: Therefore the LORD
God sent him forth from the garden of Eden, to till the ground from whence
he was taken.  So he drove out the man; and he placed at the east of the
garden of Eden Cherubims, and a flaming sword which turned every way, to
keep the way of the tree of life.

And Adam knew Eve his wife; and she conceived, and bare Cain, and said, I
have gotten a man from the LORD.  And she again bare his brother Abel.  And
Abel was a keeper of sheep, but Cain was a tiller of the ground.

And in process of time it came to pass, that Cain brought of the fruit of
the ground an offering unto the LORD.  And Abel, he also brought of the
firstlings of his flock and of the fat thereof.  And the LORD had respect
unto Abel and to his offering: But unto Cain and to his offering he had not
respect. And Cain was very wroth, and his countenance fell.  And the LORD
said unto Cain, Why art thou wroth? and why is thy countenance fallen?
If thou doest well, shalt thou not be accepted? and if thou doest not well,
sin lieth at the door. And unto thee shall be his desire, and thou shalt
rule over him.

And Cain talked with Abel his brother: and it came to pass, when they were
in the field, that Cain rose up against Abel his brother, and slew him.

And the LORD said unto Cain, Where is Abel thy brother?  And he said, I
know not: Am I my brother's keeper?  And he said, What hast thou done? the
voice of thy brother's blood crieth unto me from the ground.  And now art
thou cursed from the earth, which hath opened her mouth to receive thy
brother's blood from thy hand; When thou tillest the ground, it shall not
henceforth yield unto thee her strength; a fugitive and a vagabond shalt
thou be in the earth.

And Cain said unto the LORD, My punishment is greater than I can bear.
Behold, thou hast driven me out this day from the face of the earth; and
from thy face shall I be hid; and I shall be a fugitive and a vagabond in
the earth; and it shall come to pass, that every one that findeth me shall
slay me.

And the LORD said unto him, Therefore whosoever slayeth Cain, vengeance
shall be taken on him sevenfold.  And the LORD set a mark upon Cain, lest
any finding him should kill him.  And Cain went out from the presence of
the LORD, and dwelt in the land of Nod, on the east of Eden.

And Cain knew his wife; and she conceived, and bare Enoch: and he builded
a city, and called the name of the city, after the name of his son, Enoch.
And unto Enoch was born Irad: and Irad begat Mehujael: and Mehujael begat
Methusael: and Methusael begat Lamech.  And Lamech took unto him two wives:
the name of the one was Adah, and the name of the other Zillah.

And Adah bare Jabal: he was the father of such as dwell in tents, and
of such as have cattle.  And his brother's name was Jubal: he was the
father of all such as handle the harp and organ.  And Zillah, she also bare
Tubalcain, an instructer of every artificer in brass and iron: and the
sister of Tubalcain was Naamah.  And Lamech said unto his wives, Adah and
Zillah, Hear my voice; ye wives of Lamech, hearken unto my speech: for I
have slain a man to my wounding, and a young man to my hurt.  If Cain shall
be avenged sevenfold, truly Lamech seventy and sevenfold.

And Adam knew his wife again; and she bare a son, and called his name Seth:
For God, said she, hath appointed me another seed instead of Abel, whom
Cain slew.  And to Seth, to him also there was born a son; and he called
his name Enos: then began men to call upon the name of the LORD.

This is the book of the generations of Adam. In the day that God created
man, in the likeness of God made he him; Male and female created he them;
and blessed them, and called their name Adam, in the day when they were
created.

And Adam lived an hundred and thirty years, and begat a son in his own
likeness, and after his image; and called his name Seth: And the
days of Adam after he had begotten Seth were eight hundred years: and he
begat sons and daughters: And all the days that Adam lived were nine
hundred and thirty years: and he died.

And Seth lived an hundred and five years, and begat Enos: And Seth lived
after he begat Enos eight hundred and seven years, and begat sons and
daughters: And all the days of Seth were nine hundred and twelve years:
and he died.

And Enos lived ninety years, and begat Cainan: And Enos lived after he
begat Cainan eight hundred and fifteen years, and begat sons and daughters:
And all the days of Enos were nine hundred and five years: and he died.

And Cainan lived seventy years and begat Mahalaleel: And Cainan lived after
he begat Mahalaleel eight hundred and forty years, and begat sons and
daughters: And all the days of Cainan were nine hundred and ten years: and
he died.

And Mahalaleel lived sixty and five years, and begat Jared: And Mahalaleel
lived after he begat Jared eight hundred and thirty years, and begat sons
and daughters: And all the days of Mahalaleel were eight hundred ninety
and five years: and he died.

And Jared lived an hundred sixty and two years, and he begat Enoch: And
Jared lived after he begat Enoch eight hundred years, and begat sons and
daughters: And all the days of Jared were nine hundred sixty and two years:
and he died.

And Enoch lived sixty and five years, and begat Methuselah: And Enoch
walked with God after he begat Methuselah three hundred years, and begat
sons and daughters: And all the days of Enoch were three hundred sixty and
five years: And Enoch walked with God: and he was not; for God took him.

And Methuselah lived an hundred eighty and seven years, and begat Lamech.
And Methuselah lived after he begat Lamech seven hundred eighty and two
years, and begat sons and daughters: And all the days of Methuselah were
nine hundred sixty and nine years: and he died.

And Lamech lived an hundred eighty and two years, and begat a son: And he
called his name Noah, saying, This same shall comfort us concerning our
work and toil of our hands, because of the ground which the LORD hath
cursed.  And Lamech lived after he begat Noah five hundred ninety and
five years, and begat sons and daughters: And all the days of Lamech were
seven hundred seventy and seven years: and he died.

And Noah was five hundred years old: and Noah begat Shem, Ham, and Japheth.
